bump gtest to 1.13 and benchmarks to main head (#400)
cryspen/hacl-packages: CMakeLists.txt

    # We need gtest as well
    FetchContent_Declare(googletest
	DOWNLOAD_EXTRACT_TIMESTAMP TRUE
        URL https://github.com/google/googletest/archive/refs/tags/v1.13.0.zip
    )

    # For Windows: Prevent overriding the parent project's compiler/linker settings
    set(gtest_force_shared_crt ON CACHE BOOL "" FORCE)
    FetchContent_MakeAvailable(googletest)

    FetchContent_Populate(benchmark
        GIT_REPOSITORY  https://github.com/google/benchmark.git

>         # The lateste relese 1.7.1 is broken due to https://github.com/google/benchmark/pull/1517

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # The latest release 1.7.1 is broken due to https://github.com/google/benchmark/pull/1517
```
